- Previously on Good Witch.
- I've been hearing
all of this talk
about some rare plant here.
- The Middleton Merriwick.
- Malabathrum.
For those days when nothing
seems to be going right.
- Cassie, are you alright?
- Is something wrong?
I don't know.
The Merriwick looks like it's
trying to bloom, even though
it must be hurting all
the way down to its roots.
It's this whole town that's
hurting. Everyone was so excited
to see this plant's flower; now
I don't know if we ever will!
We're doing everything
we can to make it healthy.
Yes, well, I need it to be
healthy now. I've already
invited the tourism committee
to come here and see it
so they'll put it
on the cover of their book!
I decided that's what you would do.
You know, believe in the best
and then, hope that it happens.
- A solid course of action.
- Yes, but now
I actually have to deliver, so...
come on, Merriwick, don't let
this optimistic mayor down!
Oh. I didn't realize you'd all be here.
The Merriwick is the heart
and soul of our community.
We all want to see it
back to full strength
- as quickly as possible.
- That's right. She's one
of our most prized possessions.
It really is struggling.
- What's in the soil?
- It's, uh...
egg shells and coffee grounds.
I brought some things from Grey House.
I'm using the best fertilizer I know of.
Well, keep at it. I have
to get back to city hall
and find out where Chief Sanders
is in his investigation.
But in the meantime,
stay strong. And believe!
- Cassie!
- Hello, Sam!
Trying to catch you since
I saw you on the corner.
Well, I'm glad you finally did.
I'm gonna grab a bite to eat
before I go to the hospital.
- Are you hungry?
- Oh, I just ate.
- Well, you could watch me eat.
- I can make time for that, yeah.
Hey! Can we talk about
this little problem?
Of course.
I should probably
get back to work, then.
Well, I can eat without an audience.
- Hm! I'll see you around.
- Yeah.
So this is the stuff
that made Ben's back
- break out in hives.
- I still don't understand
- how that could have happened.
- I know. I told him everything
you've ever gave me worked amazing.
Well, let's exchange that
for something that works now.
Well, that's why you have the
best customer service in town.
Hm...
Uh...
Here. Give him this.
And this will help
with his sore muscles?
Ask if it's something he'd like to try.
- I will. Thanks.
- OK.
- Abigail!
- Hey!
- Hi!
- Ah, I'm completely
out of vases at my store and
I thought maybe you had a few.
- I do, except...
- I like this one.
- Ooh...
- Oh...
Whoops!
Isn't that the Grey Lady?
Slightly damaged, but yes.
Well, I broke it, I'll fix it. And I'll
take as many of these as you can spare.
Oh, except those vases are decorative
for dry flowers, only.
They don't really hold water.
- So you don't have what I need?
- Doesn't look like I do.
- Hi.
- Grace. How was school?
Horrible. There was
a pop quiz in calculus
- that I did not see coming.
- Isn't that the point
- of a pop quiz?
- Well, yeah,
but usually I can tell
when they're about
to happen and I always review,
except this time, I didn't
and if I failed that thing,
they might take me out of AP!
They wouldn't do that
to a Merriwick girl.
Except the Merriwick girls
don't seem to be operating
at full Merriwick.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Wow. What a beautiful place.
Thank you. We are fortunate
to call Grey House home.
What brings you to Middleton?
Visiting an old friend.
Ah, the best kind of journeys.
Yeah. I've been looking forward to this
trip since I booked it a couple of week ago.
Well, I have your room
all ready for you.
It is upstairs, second
door on the right.
Breakfast is be in the dining
room and just let me know
- if there's anything you need.
- You know,
I can already tell I'm going
to love it here. Thanks.
- Ooh! Ooh!
- Sorry. Still bothering you?
- Uh, night and day.
- It's really inflamed.
I thought that steroid
shot we did last week
- would bring that down.
- Well, you did say that stuff
didn't always work.
Well, stay off it 'til we get it right.
Ah, I appreciate that, thank you, Doc.
OK. I'm going to...
recommend two things.
First...
here's a prescription
for an anti-inflammatory
to bring the swelling
down in your meniscus.
Alright, and second?
As your doctor, I'm ordering
you to stay off of trampolines.
That I can do.
Have you narrowed things
down to a list of suspects?
Not yet. But this definitely
wasn't an accident.
That stalk was cut,
not broken. Looks like with shears,
because the slice is pretty clean.
It's like whoever did this
was attacking the entire town!
Well, I spoke to everybody
who works at the Gardens
and nobody saw anything.
I was also hoping to get
a little bit of information
out of this. Grace Russell's camera.
She told me she was
taking photos the morning
- the Merriwick was cut.
- Yeah. Except we can't
get the power to come on.
So I took it down
to an electronics store,
the guy looked at it and he said
it was fine, should be working. Nope.
Ah! Honestly, all this high-tech stuff!
I ask you, what is the point?
I'll have her come pick
this up when she can.
Well, this room is all yours
- as you gather more evidence.
- I'll keep at it,
- just like you asked.
- Which means that I can devote
more of my time to writing the
blurb that's going to appear
in the state's tourism book
when the Merriwick is featured
on the cover. Not looking
like that, of course, but...
when the plant is actually in bloom.
- And you're confident it will?
- Well, I'm hoping,
which is all we can do.
Oh, hey, I have something for you.
It's not just that, but
I thought I'd start with that.
Then we're off to a good start!
Cassie wanted to say that she was
really sorry about what
she gave you, but she is
pretty sure this will work better.
- Pretty sure?
- If you want to try it.
Yeah, I think I'll stick
with what I can get
- from the regular old drugstore.
- I guess I can understand that.
But wait till you hear what
happened on my way back there.
I went past the old Middleton
theater and there were
these two guys I did
construction for heading inside.
Yeah, except that theater
has been closed for years.
It's for sale. They're looking
to buy the place and fix it up.
Movies at the Middleton theater again?
That's a great idea.
And they want me to invest
in it with them.
- That would be perfect for you.
- Right?
If I could get in there and
restore some of the frescos
and the old architecture...
You could make it look amazing.
And it would actually
be something of mine.
- Yeah!
- Did I hear you say
you were going to re-open
the Middleton theater?
Yeah, but first I have to come up
- with the money to buy into it.
- You've got connections,
- and lots of money saved. - Right now
I don't have enough of either one.
Well, why don't you just
ask the local business-owner
that you're dating to help you out?
What?
Business is good.
I'm sure Stephanie
can spare a few dollars.
I'm not going to ask my
girlfriend for money. I mean,
that would be...
- weird.
- Oh.
Sorry I brought it up.
Thank you for dinner.
Well, I hope you don't mind
it was delivered in a box
instead of coming out of an oven.
Well, I always love Persian food.
- We had pizza.
- Which some say
was invented by King Darius's
armies more than 2000 years ago.
Is that even true
or did you just make it up?
I never lie about food.
Oh. I didn't mean to interrupt.
- Oh! No, no. Come on in. Sam, this is Kevin.
- Nice to meet you.
- You as well.
- Sam is a doctor here in town.
- Where are you from?
- New York.
- That's where I'm from.
- I work in advertising there.
Kevin?
- Abigail.
- What is he doing here?
He's a guest.
- I was hoping we could talk.
- I have nothing more
to say to you. Ever.
Are you ready for any pop quizzes
- that might surprise you today?
- I am
and I reviewed again, just in case.
It's always good to be
prepared, just in case.
- Good morning, Daphne.
- Hi. I was just
admiring the plants
in your beautiful garden.
Grace and I love to work
together back there.
Except  she plants things
a little too close together.
I like them to be able
to feed off of their proximity
- to others.
- And certain things need
a little extra space so they
can stand out from the rest.
One of the many differences
between me and my daughter.
Oh yeah, we fight all the time.
Kevin.
- Did you get some breakfast?
- I did, thanks.
And now I'm off to try to talk
to that old friend of mine.
Kevin used to work with
Abigail back in New York.
Have you been to the Middleton
Botanical Gardens yet?
- They're quite spectacular.
- I haven't heard of them, no.
I thought I saw you
looking at a brochure
and map of the Gardens.
In the dining room?
Was I? Maybe. Yeah.
- Anyhow, thank you for breakfast.
- You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Stephanie. Where are you off to?
The Gardens. I wanted
to see the Merriwick.
- I was just there, myself.
- Ooh! How's that plant doing?
- Still not in bloom.
- Oh. Well, from what I've heard
it's leaving everyone
anticipating that it might.
"Leaves of anticipation."
Is that what I said?
Well, not exactly, no, but I'm
trying to come up with something
to write in that tourism book
and I only have three days
before it goes to press.
So we need this plant
to bloom before then?
For the good of the town,
yes. Pour some of this on it,
that poor thing.
Maybe that'll spruce it up.
- This is iced tea.
- Oh. Well, in that case,
pour me a glass. I'm parched!
Thank you.
Ma'am.
Hi, can I help you?
We're closed.
- It's ten in the morning.
- Then let me rephrase that.
Go away.
Abigail, I came here to apologize.
- Then you wasted a trip.
- Would you please just
hear me out. Look, I was
finally able to see things
how you saw them and I realized
how... terrible I was.
It's weird how you keep
talking as if I care
about anything you have to say.
Please, just let me
explain what happened.
Kevin, you fired me
from my own ad agency
that you and I started with our partners
who I thought I could trust.
I know,
I was a very bad colleague
and an even worse friend.
Do you know why
I didn't fight you
when you told me I was out?
Because I knew it was going to happen.
I knew you were all been going
behind my back, I was just
waiting for you to come and tell me.
But I decided that if
I was going to be treated
like that by my partners...
my friends...
then I didn't want
any of you to be either one.
I can only imagine
how hard that was on you.
No, you can't.
But thanks so much for trying.
You know, it wasn't until
you left that I realized
how bad I'd blown it.
Not just for the business, but...
for the two of us.
- There was never an "us."
- I always felt
like there could have been.
Didn't it always seem like
there was almost something
- that was gonna start between us?
- Maybe.
That's what makes this so much worse.
But I'm glad that I was
able to come here
and see you and apologize
for messing everything up.
You came all the way
to Middleton to say that?
I did, yeah.
At least I get the chance
to say it in person.
Abigail, I'm sorry.
OK, when would you like to come in?
I'll let the doctor know. Bye-bye.
- Oh, Doctor Radford.
- Mm-hm?
- That was Mister Borba.
- He said the prescription
you gave him for his knee didn't help.
Really? That should have
reduced the inflammation,
- for sure.
- Maybe you can send him to...
No, he came here.
- What?
- Never mind.
I'm going to make some tea.
Do you want some?
What I want is to know
what you were about to say.
Well...
It's just, I hear some of your patients
talking about different
things they've gotten at...
Bell, Book and Candle... and it seems
to have helped them out a lot!
But when they need
a doctor, they come here.
Which is what Mister Borba
did, and he's still...
limping around with an inflamed knee.
- I'll figure it out.
- Maybe sometimes, it wouldn't
hurt to ask, "What would Cassie do?"
She mentioned
this could be used
as an anti-inflammatory.
I'm not about to tell one of
my patients that all of my years
of medical training lead me
to believe that his best course
- of action is to try tea.
- I can put it
in a compress. You can put it in a fancy
medical bag. He'll never even know.
"What would Cassie do?"
I won't tell her, either.
So, where did you guys go?
We met at the park and
then, I took her to lunch.
- What did you eat?
- I had a burger.
- With French fries?
- Yeah!
And did she reach over
and take any of your fries?
She took a couple.
So that means she really likes you.
I don't know what it means.
Courtney likes you. That is
what French fry taking means.
- Trust me, I know.
- Yeah, well...
thanks for helping me with the right
things to say before I asked her.
Sure! I don't remember saying
anything that mattered, but...
But at least I was able to
come to you, as a friend.
Yeah. Any time.
And I also took the advice
from my dad and brought flowers.
Oh, I heard. Courtney said
you picked them yourself.
Yeah, I found some good ones when I went
to Middleton Gardens
and... Well, I mean,
- I found what I needed.
- OK.
Are you guys going
to see each other again?
- I... think so.
- So, you're dating!
We're gonna go out again.
- You're dating!
- You can call it what you want.
- Oh, it is called dating.
- Why do you have to be so literal.
I'm only being literal because
you are literally dating.
- Whatever.
- You are.
- Oh, hello!
- This is a nice surprise.
I was just thinking
about you, thought I'd stop by.
- Well, I'm glad you did.
- Hm!
- What's that?
- Oh, the Merriwick women
have been scrapbooking since
before scrapbooking was a thing.
Hm! Been reading about what happened
the years when
the Merriwick bloomed, and...
- the years when it didn't.
- Hm!
- Are you finding anything out?
- Not really.
I mean, there are stories about
how the community came together
the few times the flower bloomed.
Which may or may not
have anything at all to do
- with the flower.
- But nothing about the years
when it looked like it might,
but then, it didn't.
You really think
that a plant can affect what
happens in an entire community?
I've always felt that
everything is connected.
We're talking about a plant!
Well, I didn't mean
to clutter up your mind
- with unprovable thoughts.
- Just don't let that plant
- know what I really think.
- Excuse me,
do you have anything for heartburn?
Oh yes. There are ginger
candies over on that shelf.
I'm allergic to ginger.
Oh! Uh... Well...
Why don't you, um,
try not eating anything after six PM?
- And try sleeping on your side.
- I'll give that a try.
Thanks.
- I'm glad I was here to help.
- Yeah.
Thank you very much.
If I have any more questions
I'll get back to you.
So,
- how goes the investigation?
- It's moving along.
I was just talking to
an expert trying to find out
what a plant like that might be worth.
- The Merriwick is priceless.
- Yeah,
but if it could be replicated and sold,
that could make a person a lot of money.
- I suppose they could.
- Plus, I think
I'm gonna head back out
to the site again. I still feel
- like there's something I missed.
- Well, it sounds like you're
going down all the right paths. Oh!
"The garden paths that lead to
the forest that is Middleton."
Oh, that sounded horrible the
moment it came out of my mouth.
I just can't seem to
come up with the right words
for that book. But I know who can help.
What... Where are you going?
- To see Cassie.
- There has never been
a more crucial time
when I've needed my muse!
Hey, Grace!
- Yeah?
- Can I ask you something?
- Uh, sure.
- OK, how are you with numbers?
I got a C minus on my calculus pop quiz,
so, below average.
- Great.
- Yeah.
I just wanted a couple people's opinions
on an investment Ben wants
to make in a movie theater.
You want financial advice from me?
I guess it's more
like relationship advice.
Well, then, you better
talk to my mother!
At her shop. That is
a great idea. Thanks.
Ah! Help yourself to a cookie!
Hey!
I earned a cookie!
Closed?
But I need to talk to Cassie.
After me, dear, after me!
- What's going on?
- I'm closed.
- W... For how long?
- Until...
I don't know.
- But I need you.
- Her and me both.
I wish I could help, but,
right now, I can't.
- So, we're just on our own?
- It certainly looks like it.
I'm sorry.
But... without Cassie,
what... what are any of us to do?
- Mom?
- Hey, sweetie.
- Here you go.
- Oh, thank you.
So, what are you doing?
- Just sitting here.
- Me and the Grey Lady.
Ah. She's so beautiful.
I've always felt that
you look just like her.
Except I'm not feeling
very much like her right now.
Yeah, none of the Merriwicks
are having their best week ever.
I guess we take after the plant.
Is that thing ever going to get better?
- I don't know.
- I hope so.
Yeah...
me, too.
I thought you never
wanted to see me again.
I'm still not sure
that I do. I just know
when someone says they're sorry,
what they're looking to hear
is, "I forgive you." So, there you go.
Well, that's more than I ever expected.
Well, I've always
been full of surprises.
I really am sorry, you know.
And you just heard me
say, "I forgive you."
Well, you might be happy to know
that our business plans
didn't work out after you left.
Hm! That does make me
a little bit happy.
Hm! So, we're finally getting around
to dissolving the company
so we can quit paying
- filing fees each year.
- May it rest in peace.
Cynthia actually called me
a couple of weeks ago.
Apparently there's some papers
us original owners
- needed to sign.
- I'll be happy
to sign anything
to put that all behind me.
Oh, right,
I guess we'll need
your signature as well.
And then we can all move on.
Doc, I don't know what you
gave me for the knee, but it's
- feeling an awful lot better.
- So that stuff worked?
Yeah! Yeah, I held it
on there like you said,
you know, twenty minutes
on, twenty minutes off
and woke up this morning,
I could at least bend it, it's
- a lot better than yesterday.
- Well, that's...
...good, then.
Yeah! And the knee ended up
smelling like cinnamon cookies.
How often does a knee
get to smell like that?
Not very.
So I was wondering, can I get
a little bit more of that stuff?
I don't know. Do we have
more of the... prescription?
- Sorry, we're all out.
- Oh. Well, that's a shame.
It's OK, I know
where I can get some more.
I'll drop it off at your house.
You sir, are the best doctor in town.
- I'm the only doctor in town.
- You see, I was right!
What would Cassie do?
- She wouldn't gloat!
- Who's gloating?!
First you need to find the motive.
That's what Columbo would do.
I don't know who that is.
He was just good at his job, that's all.
You know, at first I thought
it was vandalism, but...
now I'm pretty sure
it was for personal gain.
Next you need to find the weapon.
You don't have to tell me
how to do my job, George.
- Oh, sorry.
- But I would like to get
my hands on those
gardening shears that made
that cut. I feel like
that could be the key
to solving this whole thing.
In that case, I'm glad
you're on the job.
Yeah, investigating
a whodunit about a plant.
- That's why I joined the force.
- And it's a good thing
that you did.
This town needs the Merriwick.
And it needs people
like you who care about it,
and showing people
that this plant matters.
That's what the people
of Middleton need to see.
Thanks, George.
Keep up the good work.
Oh! And um...
Um, one more thing...
Yeah?
No, that's what Columbo
always said. You know, like,
- "one more thing."
- Yeah, I still...
don't know who he is.
Right.
Still can't find inspiration, huh?
No, and it better come
quickly. That tourism book
is about to go to press
and I've got nothing.
Is that book really such a big deal?
It could draw countless
tourists to our town.
Ooh, which would mean more
people at Ben's theater,
if he can figure out how
to get money to invest in it.
Yes, yes, yes, whatever, first
things first. Listen to this
- and be completely honest.
- I always am.
"Middleton was built upon the
bosom of optimism and the belief
"of our noble and courageous
predecessors who planted
"themselves on this land and grew
amidst the soils of the earth."
Yeah, you're gonna want people
to still be awake when they
get to the end of that sentence.
Right, that is a bit of
a snoozer. What about this one?
"Middleton is a town that was
first watered by the founder's
blood, their sweat, and their tears."
Honestly? Yuck!
I'm trying to make the point
that this town was created
from nothing and that some
of its poorest founders invested
in Middleton using... what's that phrase
where you use your, you know,
your skills and your energy
and blah blah blah instead of
finances to build something up?
- Sweat equity?
- Yes, they used that.
Yes, they did.
And that's how this town grew.
Yes, it did!
- This is perfect, Martha!
- Thank you, dear...
- Thanks!
- ...I've done it!
- Hi, Grace.
- Oh! Sam.
I was just headed to your mom's store...
- to... do some shopping.
- Oh, well, I'm sorry, but Bell,
- Book and Candle is closed.
- Closed?
Yeah. she's... taking a few days off.
- Hm. Is she OK?
- I think so.
I'm not sure.
- Maybe you should go see her.
- Hm. Is she at home?
No. She went somewhere else.
For inspiration.
Hm.
OK. Great, thanks!
Found you.
I just wanted to be with the Merriwick.
How's that thing doing?
Not so good.
Struggling. Unsure
if she'll ever stand as tall
as she once did, and...
be what she once was.
I know that sounds crazy to you,
hearing me talk about a plant that way.
Nothing you say ever sounds crazy.
Yeah, but you don't believe it.
I don't know that
it matters what I believe.
You know, plants have an energy, Sam.
You can feel what they're saying
if you're quiet long enough.
What's the Merriwick
saying to you right now?
I can't hear a thing.
I'm a doctor. Maybe
I should examine the patient.
- Well, you never know.
- Ah...
I never realized everything
was so... connected.
It looks like whoever did
the clipping also nicked
the main stem, it's seeping there.
So... what's the diagnosis?
- I don't know.
- Unfortunately it's not my field.
We might just have
to... sit here and wait
to see if the Merriwick pulls through.
So... we just sit here and wait.
- Good morning.
- Oh, good morning!
Ah, sorry there's nothing freshly made,
but there's fruit and
a few day-old muffins.
- It looks great.
- Here you go.
Thank you.
So, are you enjoying your stay here?
I am, but I'm eager
to see the Merriwick bloom.
I really didn't think
it would be taking this long.
Yeah, the damage that was done
has thrown everything off-schedule.
Right, well as soon as it blossoms,
I'll probably be on my way.
I've already spoken
to a few of my peers who are
quite interested in the research
I've been doing and they're
- eager to see me published.
- Which could get you
a lot of attention.
- What?
- My father never understood
why I wanted to be a botanist.
He wanted me to do something
that got a person noticed.
I don't know, he might finally
say that what I do is worth it.
Well, I hope he sees what you've done.
- Some juice?
- Mm-hm! Yes, please.
This is good! Hm!
You know,
I can't believe I'm saying this but...
it's actually good to see you again.
Oh, well... I'm glad I made the trip.
It's a shame you have to leave so soon.
Well, I could extend my stay,
if there's room at Grey House.
I can probably talk to the owner.
I'm sure we can make something happen.
That would be great.
Oh, Cynthia emailed me
those documents we're supposed to
sign to phase-out our company.
Oh, you printed them out already?
I figured you'd want to just
sign it and get it over with.
- Yeah, sure.
- "Corporate Dissolution."
Hey, it'll be like
none of that ever happened.
I wish it was so easy...
Ugh, I forgot to
order vases and I'm also
- out of pens.
- Oh, got one right here!
You know, I should probably
read these over first.
- Oh, it's pretty standard.
- It's a formality, really.
I know, it's just I haven't
really been feeling myself
and I just want to be sure of things
at a time when... not feeling so sure.
- OK! I mean...
- OK, sure.
I'm sure that by the time
tomorrow gets here I'll be
feeling... ready to
move on with my life.
And then we can see
what happens after that.
I should probably get back to work.
OK
Hi, can I help you with anything?
- Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
- Oh, there you are.
Come with me. I've been
thinking about that theater
- you're about to own.
- Oh, if I can figure out a way
- to buy in to it.
- Then it's a good thing
you're dating me, because I already did.
Stephanie, no, I'm
not taking your money.
Good, because I'm not offering it.
But you already have
everything you need.
It's called "sweat equity."
I hadn't really thought about that.
I've seen the work you do,
you're the best in town.
So, if those guys want
to put in their funds,
you can put up what really counts:
your heart and your soul
and actual work.
I could do that, yeah.
They'd be idiots not
to take you on as a partner.
And then you'd own part
of the theater when it's done.
This is a really good idea.
Martha helped me come up with it.
- I'll have to thank her, too.
- Just make sure to put
a couple seats in the balcony
so we can snuggle and kiss
- when the lights go out.
- I haven't done that since high school.
Oh, this is going to be
a lot better than high school.
Sam! What are you doing here?
I'm not exactly sure.
Well, there's always room for one more.
It's very special, the Merriwick.
- I'm finding that out.
- Especially
to Cassie. It's as though
the two were connected somehow.
I don't know what
I'd do without either one.
- Neither do I.
- Well, I need to get this
- to the printers.
- I think I'm going to stay
for a while. Soak up
the spirit of the place.
Could it be that
Middleton's man of medicine
is finally starting to believe in magic?
No.
But I do believe in Cassie.
I had a feeling
something wonderful had happened.
Look!
I came as soon as I could
to see if it was true.
I managed to get into
the Gardens early, before
they officially opened so I could
be the first one to see it.
Does that mean you had a feeling, too?
What I had was my research
from the past few days
and a PhD that helped me
put it all together.
Hm! You must have been
a very good student.
Graduated at the top of my class.
- Mom.
- Hi.
So, I got out of bed and
my camera was working again.
Ah, one of this morning's
many surprises.
Yeah! I came here to take some pictures
but I had no idea
the plant was in bloom.
- Isn't it amazing?
- I've never seen anything like it.
Ooh. I didn't know
we were having a party!
The Merriwick is standing tall.
Yes, I hoped so, but
I wanted to see for myself.
Well, you came just in time,
because you're exactly
the right person to tell me...
how hard would it be
to make a hybrid species from
a graft of a plant like this?
Super hard. I wouldn't even
try it with something so rare.
- Oh.
- You have to really know a lot
about botany. Like,
top-of-your-class, genius.
I'm not sure what you're
trying to imply here...
Grace, didn't you say
you were taking pictures near here
- the morning the Merriwick was cut?
- For my photography club.
Hm. So, if there were
footprints left behind
they would be in the pictures
on that camera, right there?
Yeah, they might be.
You can't prove
anything from footprints.
I'm not sure what we could prove.
But I bet if we looked
at the blade on your shears,
they would match the cut on that stalk.
Well, even if you could do...
Those shears don't even work.
The spring has been broken
- since before I even got here.
- You mean,
this spring, right here?
I found it in the bushes
when I came to do
my search. Must've flown off the shears
- of whoever did this.
- Your shears.
Then I saw her car parked out
front and I thought maybe Daphne
came back to see if she
could find this for herself.
She came to see if
the plant she nearly destroyed
would come back to life.
And now you're finally
ready to tell us the truth.
I wanted to see if I could make a plant
that would bloom with
that flower every year.
That could have been worth a fortune.
Except it wasn't about that.
A special creation like that
could have been grown
in every garden in the world.
And brought magic in their lives...
and really gotten
a person like me noticed.
I hope you start getting noticed
for being the good person
I know you to be.
Ma'am.
I'm sorry.
- Hi.
- Abigail! Hey! Where you been?
Just out for a little
morning jaunt to clear my head
- and get my spirits up.
- And?
It's clear, and they're up.
- Great.
- I was really hoping to get
- this paperwork signed.
- All I need is your pen
- and we can get this over with.
- Of course.
There you go!
Hm.
Hm. You know what's funny?
When we started our little agency,
one of our dreams was
to be as big a company
as Publicis one day. Do you remember?
Well, dreams don't always come true.
Hm. We always said that
if we ever got that huge,
we'd buy up all the smaller companies
and be in charge of everything.
Yeah, I guess we said that, yeah.
So when I saw this pen
...this Publicis pen...
I started thinking
about that... and then
I woke up this morning I made
a phone call to an attorney
I know that works there, and
do you know what I found out?
They're buying our company
because of one little account
that's worth a lot of money to them.
And if I were to sign these papers,
I'd be cut out of the profits
of that, wouldn't I?
Abigail, I'm sorry...
No, you don't get to say that anymore.
Because the only reason
you came here was to get me to sign over
what's worth a lot of money to me.
So now that I know what I know,
I'm going to have my lawyer
send over a different kind of contract.
The kind where I'm protected
and it's gonna make sure I get
every penny that I'm owed.
You can use that pen when you sign it.
I heard back from the tourism
committee. They loved
what I wrote to go
with our flower: "Middleton.
- We grow magic."
- Hm!
- Clear. Concise. True.
- Stephanie led me to that
in your absence. But sadly
they're not putting us
on the cover. Apparently,
a plant that blooms so rarely
isn't enough of a draw.
So it looks like we failed.
I don't know how you can say
that. The whole community
came together, everyone
helped everybody else.
That's about as wonderful
and magical as things get.
- I suppose it is.
- Oh, look at that.
Yes. Very inspiring.
Well, I'll leave you
to soak up its inspiration
all on your own.
Hello, Sam.
- Surprise.
- My favorite kind.
- What are you looking at?
- The Merriwick women
standing in front of the Merriwick.
- In full bloom.
- Because you believed in me.
It really is pretty.
Yeah. And standing
as tall as it's ever stood,
thanks to everyone who believed.
I'm really looking forward
- to opening up my shop again.
- Everybody will be glad
- to know you're back in business.
- And I have a full shipment
of Malabathrum coming tomorrow.
- You don't say?
- Hm!
This town really needs you.
Well, they managed
to get along OK without me.
I hope we never have to again.
You never will.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org